sometimes reporting a regrettable fact
today
on Mars on December 2 it seems to be
sunset in the early hours
and is entered by thieves to
You are the living awning of the neighborhood
popular on 22nd street with career 15 and
We are robbed of three tubs of
empty milk some products
farming with cheerful egg panel
although that is for the sale to the
people entering the program
apart from that the plant of the tordera
150000 in bills of 1,000
a balance are all 100 of more or less
one million 500 thousand pesos and then we are going to
make a meeting as the accounting part
of the all life program so for
worth balancing the program the whole not
it closes because this has happened to us
also in the garden of the headquarters of
neighborhood also that three times not
we have entered illegally and
men make the call to
communities of community programs
of the peasants to strengthen their
food security is a program that
the same community since 2006
he has been defending
and then man that we collaborate with the
denounce the people who know then
same as the coordinator of these two of
life only with the respective complaint the
prosecuting the cti and they are regretting
this fact mount them
the last year in this last year 2014 in
the neighborhood the garden 200 900 thousand pesos
they also subtracted in elements and in
money and here
in the popular neighborhood in the other 13 is
of tall pretty the horizon for whites
and none of these events has happened
regrettable and then here
looking at how we fix the theme
we put better security we reinforce then
the window or the doors
meaning we are already working day
once going to what a neighbor has said
who said the neighborhood says no
they heard nothing
unfortunately for so far
nobody saw nobody suffered no one knew nobody
listened
but then we are inviting the
community of the sector so that if they are given
an anonymous man has an anonymous
the mayor 's office
and that gives us conquests for then to
find those responsible who have made
these from a program where is
institutional for the community for its
safety and mental and nutritional that is
for the marketing of
products of the peasants judge a
very nice program model level
departmental and make us this guy
of thing this is unfortunate but then the
commitment of the administration of
licensed users is to face everything
this type of situations in health the
year we are going to make a meeting
extraordinary program with agro
pleasure that is the peasant ong of the
high operator zone and with the different
Representatives and delegates to search
an accounting balance and have no problems
to continue with the treaty